I think he would have stayed there how
do you not unclip it that I have one
point in the race so if the gate goes
down it looks like it's going to be sick
with a better start this time he's in
the is in the fun there but it's going
to be on the insides gonna beat Ramones
and then we're going to have Sherman on
the outside zip codes in that third
place spot he might bring it home for
Canada well and he's actually moved into
second place now behind trim honest and
sip Kuwait looking much better this time
around he's really taken to heart that
pedal slip in that overshoot and he's
making note of it and he's doing a lot
better this time n to strike minus at
first my sip koi in second and it looks
like it is smart and Shake in third
place actually Martin Lloyd down that
third place rider is going to be okay
from the Netherlands and then neighbor
covers in the fourth spot that's that's
going to mix things up in the points
because before sit boy was
the point and now serving with second so
Sherpa is going to be six this he's
going to be last this time this one's
going to be a tight race this one's
gonna have the most jumbled coins and
it's all going to come down to that
third race but Tremont's that's two
points so he's easily moving on to PI
give it a stair to his a Canucks and you
never have that happen never have that
happen at the UCI Supercross race is
where they're so serious about
everything and you know the guys have
such fun here and it's a it's not to say
that they're not enjoying themselves but
it's a job more than anything when
they're raising Supercross and here it's
just fun yeah these guys said you know
it has a lot of practice tracks that are
you know this is a real trials oriented
course and that's what these guys feel
like it's just another day out on the
course so they're having fun
unfortunately this is right here you can
see mark chirping he comes up the face
of that junk he tries to suck it up a
little bit unfortunate we don't see it
he came up just a little bit short and
that was the end of his top three run
but we'll see how he comes back in that
last Moto what you see right there
that's probably the most stalling and
see coming out of Latvia those guys are
serious race machines so they're trained
to road and not to style but you can a
quarter turn bar that's better than I
can do so